
* Please, read the CeCILL license at the bottom of this document and certify that you accept its terms before downloading the software *

To use the Optical Mark Recognition Toolbox, you’ll need to edit the files below according to your project and run 'example_launcher' in Matlab: 

(1) example_launcher.m 
(2) example_ratings.m 

You can test those scripts with the image files available in the ./example folder without any change. 

To run the scripts with your own image files, you’ll need to :

(1) create a reference image: this is just the image of a blank form. 
(2) create a mask image: this is an image with dark blobs at the locations that should be filled in the form.
(3) place the image of each filled form in the same folder (e.g. '.\example\subjects'). 

The current version of OMR Toolbox was tested using Matlab R2007b in Win XP. Notice that Matlab Image Processing Toolbox is required.

Good luck!


Copyright Università di Trento, Italy, and Centre National de la  Recherche Scientifique, France : Mateus Joffily, 2007 and 2017.

mateusjoffily@gmail.com

This software is a computer program whose purpose is to perform optical mark recognition (OMR).

This software is governed by the CeCILL  license under French law and
abiding by the rules of distribution of free software.  You can  use, 
modify and/ or redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL
license as circulated by CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL
"http://www.cecill.info". 

As a counterpart to the access to the source code and  rights to copy,
modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only
with a limited warranty  and the software's author,  the holder of the
economic rights,  and the successive licensors  have only  limited
liability. 

In this respect, the user's attention is drawn to the risks associated
with loading,  using,  modifying and/or developing or reproducing the
software by the user in light of its specific status of free software,
that may mean  that it is complicated to manipulate,  and  that  also
therefore means  that it is reserved for developers  and  experienced
professionals having in-depth computer knowledge. Users are therefore
encouraged to load and test the software's suitability as regards their
requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems and/or 
data to be ensured and,  more generally, to use and operate it in the 
same conditions as regards security. 

The fact that you are presently reading this means that you have had
knowledge of the CeCILL license and that you accept its terms.
